add recipes, starters and new next.js recipe (#190)
neuefische/web-exercises: recipes/README.md

# 🍝 Recipes

This directory contains recipes that can be used to create templates and starters.

## Templates vs. Starters

- **Templates** are used to create **new exercises, challenges, etc. directly in this repository** using the `npm run create` command.
- **Starters** are used to create **new projects outside of this repository** using the `npx ghcd neuefische/web-exercises/starters/<starter> my-app -i` command.

> The main difference content-wise is that templates `README.md` file contains an instructions template for the exercise, while starters `README.md` file is very bare-bones. See [How?](#how) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main difference content-wise is in regards to the `README.md` file: in templates, it contains an instructions template for the exercise, while in starters, it is very bare-bones. See [How?](#how) for more details.
```

> **Warning**  
> Never edit the files in the `starters` and `templates` directories directly. Instead, edit the recipe in this folder and then [cook it using the `npm run cook <recipe>` command](#cooking-a-recipe).

## Why?

> Basic templates and starters only contain files. But we want some more advanced variants for Create React App and Next.js that are created via automation. The `cook` script automates the creation of all templates and starters from recipes.

Reviewer: This is a little bit confusing to me:
- In contrast to basic templates and starters, do Create React App and Next.js templates / starters contain something else than files?
- This is why it is not so clear to me **why exactly** we are in need of such a recipe: because we want to have a single source of truth (as soon as there is a version update, etc.) so that we can simply update all templates + starters automatically?

> ## How?

Reviewer: This part is quite clear, I think.

Regarding the "why" again: sounds like the only reason is that the `readme.md` is different in templates and starters (and other files). We should not repeat other reasons (if there are some), but I think we should be a little bit more clear about our "why" in the respective section above.
